Why is the Labour code so big?
Let me tell you. Because it is full of exceptions.
Who includes that much exceptions?
It is not us! We, we are in favour of very simple things.
One working time a day, a week, a month, a year, and for life. That's easy!
The salary per hour, per month, etc., etc. That is basic. But they do not stop themselves from putting things, and then they say, "that's a lot."
Fair enough! If any book that is a little too big, should be torn in two ... then, take the phone book!
(Laughters)
The phone book is full of names!
It's full of phone numbers, it's as big as that! Go ahead, pull half!
(Laughters)
And then you will see if you can call!
Remove the labor code, and you'll see then if you can organize labour!
For those who propose it have no intention to organize labour, but yields,  profits.
Because in order for labour to work, you just go ask any team leader, if they beware of the guy or girl who is from the rank.
And ask them if we can get people to work for 48 hours at a level of requirements and profitability as those they claim.
This is not possible, ladies and gentlemen. You would kill people at work!
(applause)
They will be spoiledl! They will have deads!
500!
(applause)
565 people die on their workstations each year!
And you never see one of them on TV!
You do not ever see the worker who fell from the scaffolding.
You do not ever see the man or the woman whose arm was cut by the machine.
Never!
These deaths, are prehaps not horrible enough to edify the people in the only thing that is worth it: the fear of the other!